Aim of this task is to understand what IoT means and it's importance in our everyday life.
To do this we will learn about IoT and its application, NodeMcU, Arduino, Difference between Arduino and Node Mcu and WiFi Module (ESP8266) 

1) IoT and its applications: The internet of things, or IoT, is a system of interrelated computing devices, mechanical and digital machines, objects, animals 
   or people that are provided with unique identifiers (UIDs) and the ability to transfer data over a network without requiring human-to-human or human-to-computer 
   interaction.
   A thing in the internet of things can be a person with a heart monitor implant, a farm animal with a biochip transponder, an automobile that has built-in sensors 
   to alert the driver when tire pressure is low or any other natural or man-made object that can be assigned an Internet Protocol (IP) address and is able to 
   transfer data over a network.
2) NodeMcu : NodeMCU is an open source Lua based firmware for the ESP8266 WiFi SOC from Espressif and uses an on-module flash-based SPIFFS file system. NodeMCU is 
   implemented in C and is layered on the Espressif NON-OS SDK.
   The firmware was initially developed as is a companion project to the popular ESP8266-based NodeMCU development modules, but the project is now 
   community-supported, and the firmware can now be run on any ESP module.
   For more one can visit : https://nodemcu.readthedocs.io/en/release/
3) Arduino : Arduino is an open-source platform used for building electronics projects. Arduino consists of both a physical programmable circuit 
   board (often referred to as a microcontroller) and a piece of software, or IDE (Integrated Development Environment) that runs on your computer, used to write 
   and upload computer code to the physical board.
   The Arduino platform has become quite popular with people just starting out with electronics, and for good reason. Unlike most previous programmable circuit 
   boards, the Arduino does not need a separate piece of hardware (called a programmer) in order to load new code onto the board -- you can simply use a USB 
   cable. Additionally, the Arduino IDE uses a simplified version of C++, making it easier to learn to program. Finally, Arduino provides a standard form factor 
   that breaks out the functions of the micro-controller into a more accessible package.
   For more one can visit : https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/what-is-an-arduino/all
4) Difference between Arduino and NodeMcu : https://iotdesignpro.com/articles/arduino-nano-vs-raspberry-pi-zero-w-vs-nodemcu-for-iot-projects
5) Wifi Module( ESP8266 ) :  The ESP8266 WiFi Module is a self contained SOC with integrated TCP/IP protocol stack that can give any microcontroller access to 
   your WiFi network. The ESP8266 is capable of either hosting an application or offloading all Wi-Fi networking functions from another application processor. 
   Each ESP8266 module comes pre-programmed with an AT command set firmware, meaning, you can simply hook this up to your Arduino device and get about as much 
   WiFi-ability as a WiFi Shield offers (and that's just out of the box)! The ESP8266 module is an extremely cost effective board with a huge, and ever growing, 
   community.
   This module has a powerful enough on-board processing and storage capability that allows it to be integrated with the sensors and other application specific 
   devices through its GPIOs with minimal development up-front and minimal loading during runtime. Its high degree of on-chip integration allows for minimal 
   external circuitry, including the front-end module, is designed to occupy minimal PCB area. The ESP8266 supports APSD for VoIP applications and Bluetooth 
   co-existance interfaces, it contains a self-calibrated RF allowing it to work under all operating conditions, and requires no external RF parts.
   There is an almost limitless fountain of information available for the ESP8266, all of which has been provided by amazing community support. In the Documents 
   section below you will find many resources to aid you in using the ESP8266, even instructions on how to transforming this module into an 
   IoT (Internet of Things) solution!
   Note: The ESP8266 Module is not capable of 5-3V logic shifting and will require an external Logic Level Converter. Please do not power it directly from your 
   5V dev board. This ESP8266 WiFi Module Adaptor comes with on-board logic level converter and 3.3V LDO regulator for easy interfacing to Arduino boards.
   Features:

      802.11 b/g/n
      Wi-Fi Direct (P2P), soft-AP
      Integrated TCP/IP protocol stack
      Integrated TR switch, balun, LNA, power amplifier and matching network
      Integrated PLLs, regulators, DCXO and power management units
      +19.5dBm output power in 802.11b mode
      Power down leakage current of <10uA
      Integrated low power 32-bit CPU could be used as application processor
      SDIO 1.1 / 2.0, SPI, UART
      STBC, 1×1 MIMO, 2×1 MIMO
      A-MPDU & A-MSDU aggregation & 0.4ms guard interval
      Wake up and transmit packets in < 2ms
      Standby power consumption of < 1.0mW (DTIM3)
      Default baudrate: 115200

